                        FREE-FROM-ME PUBLIC LICENSE
                            Version 1, June 2019

            Copyright (C) 2019 Damion Mounts <damionotg@gmail.com>

                                   TL;DR

    You are allowed to do literally anything with this software with no
restrictions being imposed by ME. I am not affiliated with ASU beyond being a
student. I am not licensed to use any ASU trademarks or copyrights and only use
the term 'asu' in the software title, ('asu-course-search'), to indicate that
the nature of this software revolves around searching courses at ASU. This
software scrapes ASU's class search website. I cannot speak for ASU in any
capacity, but, I suggest only using it to check your own courses, or, as a
learning tool. BE REASONABLE and know that any weird usage of their website,
scraping or not, can lead to IP banning and potential legal actions. There is
no warranty - if your computer somehow breaks, maybe you shouldn't have been
throwing random code from the internet at it.

                              LICENSE PURPOSE

    The purpose of this software license is to state that all of the content
which I, (Damion), have personally created - is available to the public domain
for any usage case. However, I have not created any portion of the Arizona
State University class search website:

                (https://webapp4.asu.edu/catalog/classlist)

Nor am I licensed to use any ASU trademarks / copyrights that exist. I am only
using the phrase 'asu' in the name of this project, ('asu-course-search'), in
order to indicate that this piece of software has to do with searching courses
that are offered at ASU. The purpose of this license is to explain that this
project is free for any usage case possible, but, that I cannot speak on behalf
of ASU. The license name "FREE-FROM-ME" means that all I have provided is free
without any limitations, but, that certain use cases of this software could be
frowned-upon by ASU.

            FREE-FROM-ME PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
                FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

    Copying: No limitations, ctrl-c ctrl-v to your heart's content.

    Distribution: No limitations, sell it out of a trench coat if you want.

    Modification: No limitations, go make an unholy abomination with it.

                     LIMITATIONS TO USAGE & DISCLAIMER

    I, (Damion), impose no restrictions onto you on how you are supposed to use
this piece of software. However, I cannot make a promise that ASU will allow
every usage case without restriction(s). This piece of software is based-upon
web scraping and automation. Now a gray area has been entered.

    I suggest this tool be used in a non-gray way. By this, I mean usage that
mimics regular personal usage patterns of the class search website. My adviser
had mentioned that I should check class search every so many hours in order to
see if the class I wanted has opened up. I feel that having the software run
every 4 hours, and only check the availability of my own desired classes is a
great use case. The software is not placing undue strain on the server, and it
is operating at the level of a human being.

    I do not have the financial abilities to hire a butler to check the ASU
course search website for me on a regular basis. So, I have created a digital
counterpart. I highly suggest NOT venturing into large-scale scraping of the
course website or attempting to sell scraped class data without ASU's
permission to do so. Yet again, I cannot speak for ASU, and I am not affiliated
with ASU besides being an attending student. I personally have created this
software as a means of improving my Python skills, gaining knowledge of data
scraping, and to later make a system that tells me when a course opens up.

    I suggest you utilize this software in a non-gray way:
        - To check your own courses as if you were using the site normally
        - As a learning implement

                                WARRANTY

    THERE IS NO WARRANTY. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" WITH NO PROMISES OF
ANY OUTCOMES. I AM NOT LEGALLY OR MORALLY RESPONSIBLE TO ANY DEGREE IF THE
SOFTWARE YOU HAVE PULLED FROM THE INTERNET HAS HARMED YOUR COMPUTER IN ANY WAY,
SHAPE, OR FORM. ALSO, IF THE COURSE SEARCH PAGE HAS CHANGED, THUS BREAKING THE
FUNCTIONALITY OF THIS SOFTWARE, I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR YOU POTENTIALLY NOT
BEING ALERTED OF YOUR CLASS(ES) OPENING UP. YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR
RUNNING FREE SOFTWARE YOU FOUND OFF OF THE INTERNET.